well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so there's nobody in here right
now but we are coming back we had some
kind of technical difficulty which often
happens because I live out in the middle
of nowhere but we are we're back now I
tried to get any of the the messages
that were sent in before everything went
south I tried to save them and took
photos of them let's see yeah we're back
for round two glad everybody's coming
back in yeah yeah I live out in the
middle of nowhere that happens a lot
let's see the purge becoming a reality
yeah I mean okay it's not entirely
impossible at this point what's the
cutest breed of dog German Shepherd
that's a ridiculous question
oh okay so these are some that came in
before we had our technical difficulties
I hope I didn't miss any
let's see Thank You Julie Henderson
Becky Murphy thank you that one's Ian
Stewart please comment on Elon Musk and
his minimizing he did two hours with Joe
Rogan yeah
I saw that I so a lot of people
especially when you're talking about
people of that type when they look at
statistics all day and when they look at
figures and stuff all day they come
across looking at stuff as they look at
it in percentages and percentages when
you're talking about half a percent 2%
of people lost that's not a huge deal
you know and they don't often people of
that brain type don't often put those
into real numbers and then even
even less often do they turn that into
real people so when musk is saying
something like that what people like him
are saying something like that it often
they're minimizing it and they're doing
harm from my point of view I don't know
that it's intentional I think it's just
the way their their brains work by
anyway thank you James Dorn ignorance
and arrogance are a dangerous
combination yeah they are
especially if that's also combined with
idealism they become fanatics and you
know true believers are the most
dangerous people in the world I'd say
when it comes to this stuff and what
we're dealing with I wouldn't rely on
people like Musk I wouldn't I wouldn't
focus more on the doctors the virologist
the epidemiologists the people that
actually know what they're talking about
there are old geniuses that are in that
field
they should be paid attention to a
little bit more than a really smart guy
from another field
thank you Michael wool do you think that
the current anti-vaccine Conspirator are
an actual threat to the efficacy of a
potential kovat vet in the coming months
yeah yeah I do actually
I if there are enough people who do not
take advantage of it when it comes out
then it's going to be a whole lot less
effective and it may allow enough
transmission for it to mutate and then
the vaccine isn't effective at all there
there's a lot of risk in that
I think my dog is jealous right now is
rogered stone or a Floridian Oh beer of
choice Guinness did you have any phobias
growing up mm-hmm I don't know had any
phobias but I definitely had a fear a
healthy fear of snakes this Dan Crenshaw
was background make him a dangerous
candidate his support of Trump is
concerning I don't think any more then a
I don't think it's his background that
makes is concerning I think it's the the
support that he lends to some more
outlandish policies and that that seems
to be I think that's far more concerning
than his background I like to hear your
view on the Flynn case dismissal also
who would love to hear more on Venezuela
okay so with Flynn I'm here's the thing
I'm gonna do this in two ways first I
have to do what I feel epically bound to
do I know a whole lot of people that
worked for him that are friends with him
and I am biased by that aside from that
lying about stuff like that is crime in
his position in in his position he
should have known better to let's say
you truly believe that he did nothing
wrong his past experience should should
have informed him that he shouldn't put
himself in that situation and as far as
the memos coming out that's very very
standard you know but prior to going
into an interview it's very often are we
going to try to actually get the person
to tell us what we want to know or are
we going to try to get them in a
situation where their stories are gonna
clicked that's not a conspiracy that's a
standard procedure in any interview not
even just law enforcement interviews in
Flynn
with his experience should have known
that so I I I have a personal bias but
at the same time I can't feel a lot of
sympathy for because of the reason I
have that bias because of his background
he should have known better and I don't
I don't have a lot of sympathy for that
anyone Thank You Nikki thank you well
duh well I'm sure I butchered that I
apologize
let's see is the backpack in the shop
your bug out bag no it is not um that's
actually just a collection most of that
is random stuff that's a collection of
stuff that I've had from over the years
and it just gets piled there in case I
ever need it a boy scout type stuff
always be prepared
how do you work on mutual support
networks in urban and suburban
environments where knowing your neighbor
seems like a thing of the past
start with your immediate circle and
then throw a party and have each one of
them invite three people that you don't
know and branch out from there I have a
whole I'm sorry yeah sorry my wife is
informing you can't do this right now
because of social distancing but yeah
under normal circumstances that's how
you would do it make it a social thing I
have a series called let's talk about
how to change the world I think that
breaks down how to develop networks like
that but one of the key things is to
make it fun not make it a not make it a
mission every time you're together you
know make it a barbecue make it whatever
it is that you enjoy doing
see Thank You Zack Clark is there
anything you need help with I build
websites and edit videos professionally
I'd love to work for you in any capacity
even as volunteer yeah Todd do I have a
list reach out to me on Twitter or
Facebook or wherever and put that in in
the headline thank you Winnie Winnie
hi destro and Miss Bo Jeep's okay
permaculture okay let's see here
do you do podcasts there that we're not
there real quick yeah we're on all of
them it's Bo the fifth column
so permaculture and there's a lot of
meanings to that but the general idea of
what I do is I try to plant stuff that
requires very little maintenance that
replaces the normal landscaping in a
yard you know the trees become fruit
trees you know stuff like that
that helps there are a lot of people
that want to extend that and say only do
native stuff which in some areas that's
very feasible in Florida it's a little
less feasible because there's not as
much edible stuff that would naturally
grow here but thank you Lord snappy news
networks journalists you would recommend
see it's what I do I use an app called
news Republic and it's first let me go
ahead and warn you it's a little
right-leaning
not hugely but a little right-wing but
it pulls articles from pretty much every
outlet and and you can refresh it and
every time you refresh it even thirty
seconds apart you're gonna get ten new
articles and eventually as you do the
more you use it the more it learns what
you want to read about and I think
that's a good way to get a wide variety
of viewpoints rather than trusting a
particular source which i think is more
important you know that's I think the
diversity of thought and being able to
filter it and bring it down to what you
believe is one of the things they get
ends up missing the u.s. a lot
Tyler Harvey seconding the tip from Zack
Clark and a branding and graphic
designer extremely interested in doing
any work I can help to do to advance the
work you do Thank You Tyler Harvey okay
and yeah same thing just send that LS
Evan Morris from your painting elephants
video are you a vegan um I am NOT I'm
not I don't have the discipline for that
since I'm not even gonna lie I'm not
gonna try to come up with some some
rationalization or justification for I
think that eventually we are going to
have to move to a primarily plant-based
diet as a species I'm probably not gonna
be the person that takes that first step
but I don't I also don't make fun of
vegans I get it and you're probably
right
I'll admit that Thank You Niko can we do
more videos on asymmetrical warfare yeah
we're probably gonna add two because I
have a film we're gonna have to learn
wrath to talk about a lot of little
capers like the venezuelan thing because
just as our economy is becoming shaky a
lot of less stable countries are having
the same problems and they were going to
be there they're gonna be flare-ups
there's gonna be a lot of unpleasantness
and a lot of and a lot of the global
south as it gets called swamps layer who
or what is its name it's Nostradamus for
today the general idea is that there is
a person that's inside the
administration and this person is
dropping breadcrumbs to random people on
the internet about some supposed
fight that they're having with the
Democrats that's all behind the scenes
and depending on how far you go into
it's either slightly plausible or
absolutely nuts I there are different
purveyors of this theory and some of
them take it to a very bizarre extreme
the further you go with it the crazier
it sounds some of it is actually to the
point where you you have to wonder about
mental health issues and some of it is
just it's people that have connected
dots they've added up to and to and came
up with five and you know some of its
it's relatively harmless and some of it
may as far as the theories that come out
of it they may have some plausibility
but then you get into some that are very
implausible and very I'll go ahead say
impossible to be accurate and the
problem is that that group of people you
never know which one you're talking to
and there's a wide overlap between those
who believe just the stuff that that
okay I mean that's a little crazy but
yeah it could be true and the people who
actually believe there's like demonic
forces like involved in this it's it's
really something else i if you don't
have a reason to to really delve into it
and and and spend a lot of time trying
to discern what it is they're saying
because they also talk in a lot of
acronyms and stuff like that
you basically have to learn another
language to even understand what a lot
of them are saying unless you have a
reason to
I wouldn't even even if the these semi
plausible parts are true it's not that
big of a deal if it's true it'll all
come out in the news eventually anyway
but I don't and then the parts that
aren't plausible
I would just stay away from those people
to be honest see Thank You Ana la I was
just hoping you'd be alive I'm a vegan
whoever just asked if Bingham if beau
was lab meat is a good answer I can
actually tried some of that and it is
not bad
proud communists hey beau come on down
after a long day of music recording how
are you tonight everything good
everything is great how are you in the
discord that's a friendly reminder from
her for me to plug the patreon and plug
discord again this one Seth wildcard
what do you think about holding the
business accountable for using illegal
immigrants instead of immigrants
themselves they don't hire themselves my
view on that is that nobody's illegal
but my personal view on that subject is
is I am very well aware the fact that it
is an extreme one I people who want to
come here and work they can come here
and work I don't have I don't I don't
think that they need a permission slip
that's honestly how I feel I can
understand how there are some people who
want to slow or regulate or whatever I
get I get the desire but it's not
something that I honestly believe rather
than focusing on how and who to punish I
would wonder why we're punishing people
for crossing a line and the fact is the
more the United States our economy is
under normal circumstances needs
immigration we we actually require it so
I don't know why we would punish people
doing that we need workers they're not
of all you know they didn't we don't all
just need professional workers that come
through with the visas we need everybody
and when they come here they don't if
they if we were to allow them to come
here and settle they wouldn't be sending
them
back home they would be spending more of
it here and even as it is there an
economic net benefit so I don't I don't
I don't support any any way of punching
let's see what are my thought on a
person well workers I've known guys that
had done that since the nineties so
that's one of the reasons why I for
those who don't know the the part of a
firearm that regulated is something
called a receiver and it's it's
typically it's a hunk of metal that all
of the other metal attaches to that's
what the government considers the gun
you can buy one that's 80% finished and
it's not a gun so there's no paperwork
on it I don't actually have an issue
with that I think that the I think a
wider issue is not guns its gun violence
and for those that haven't seen it I did
a a a three-part series on firearms and
if you're like wow that really doesn't
seem like a view he's have go watch that
series and it will it will explain how
there's a huge disconnect between the
pro-gun side the anti-gun side and the
facts of guns because you know there's
not the extremes that get presented they
don't have any basis in reality or a
real issue here is people and that
that's not a cop-out in the sense of Oh
guns don't kill people people kill
people
no people are the problem and there are
steps we can take to fix that so that
that's yeah I don't actually have a huge
issue with 80% lowers see thank you
Stefan is the government not issuing
passports something to be alarmed about
I understand travelling now just
concerned about when or if they will
start issuing
seems unnecessary I think and again I
don't know this but I think that has
more to do with not having without
having people in those facilities and
trying to cut down on people working
let's show Diaz okay could you do a
video about how toxic masculinity
factors into far-right recruiting
tactics I have a whole bunch of videos
on masculinity and yeah there's actually
a playlist let's talk about masculinity
or let's talk about men's issues that
has stuff on that everything from just
normal toxic masculinity to m-ras
to in cells and it all gets discussed
let's see did I answer the question that
you were trying to show me okay well I I
must have lost it chicken what is it can
we download the every chat you make with
this for rebuild of our basic human
state of life the technology I work on
delivers no need to kill in heat can we
do
if you're asking if you can download my
stuff yes absolutely it's starting point
when discussing with those who were I
don't know that I'd go that route with
it because because that gets used as an
insult sometimes you may not want to
start with that but it's probably
something that should be in the
conversation so the for those who don't
know the dunning-kruger effect is the if
you gain a little bit of knowledge about
something you're very confident in that
knowledge the more knowledge you gain
the less confident you become and it
even gets to the point where you could
be a subject matter expert and you are
less sure of yourself then you are the
person that's read five means and that's
that definitely plays into why people
are buying into this documentary but I'm
not sure that that's gonna be a good
opening thing because people will get
defensive and that was my case
thank you and then Dickie mcgee-zax
what do you think of Kyle kolinsky I
don't know him I don't know him and I
haven't watched a whole lot to form an
opinion so yeah
I'm actually way behind on my YouTube
you see Ariana thank you I bet thank you
very you do I wonder if you have any of
you on Treasury departing the Federal
Reserve Bank I do not I yes I don't know
anything about that that is man because
that's gonna open a whole can of worms
the fact that the Federal Reserve isn't
actually federal so there's a board of
governors it's federally appointed it's
a blending of
yeah Wow
John hi I'm actually not I mean I don't
care if you do but that's not a thing
for me so the Federal Reserve's an
in-depth topic that is it's it's kind of
like the modern monetary theory thing
and all of the other stuff I'm not I
tend to stick to what I know and I am
not enough of an authority on those
subjects to be able to contribute
anything meaningful to that conversation
I don't know enough and I don't I don't
want to pretend that I do
thank you burglar have you read
Rebecca's soul that's a paradise built
in hell what are your thoughts are a
pandemic i I have not y'all give me a
reading list tonight Brian Dover seen
thank you can we achieve a successful
stateless society when we have people
like the lockdown protesters it's a
successful stateless society requires a
highly educated populace and it requires
a shift in solely thinking from solely
thinking about yourself to thinking
about others those are the two main
components of the successful stateless
society and without that I mean it's not
going to it's not going to go anywhere
so you can have some people like that
but it won't be you can't have a lot of
them they have to be a clear minority
what are you doing over there oh because
nobody gets to see destro people want to
see that sir okay
will you do a video on military contract
I'm being interviewed tomorrow
about contracting in general and we will
go through light gray and black
contracting the difference between
contractors and mercs and all of that
stuff so yeah we're gonna talk about
that pretty in-depth do I have an
opinion on the length of the Tiger Kings
prison sentence no I didn't even watch
that I'll be honest
CMC thoughts on the pro McMichaels crowd
yeah I think they're gonna be
disappointed ah that crowd is the crowd
that always emerges anytime a person of
color gets killed in questionable
circumstances whether it is completely
unjustified or even just a little bit a
little a little bit obscure as to why
you will have a crowd of people show up
and say that it's okay and you can infer
from yourself why they think it's okay
to kill people of color they would not
be having these these support clubs if
it had been a white guy so yeah there
that's that's I feel about that Shannon
Hays Trump's president Trump's
presidency has been so different from
past administrations do you think like
when 13 Keys apply to the Trump
presidency
I do not know y'all are giving me
questions and I've got a whole lot going
on in the background right now the Miss
max what are your thoughts on states
limiting care for those with disability
if resources become scarce I get to
manage casualty type incidents have
different goals from normal but okay you
have a south
okay so triage applies in situations
like this now
what when the guidelines that you're
probably referencing are really more for
when they have run out of everything and
what they're doing at that point is
triaging based on quality of life as
well it's it's a horrible thing and it's
something that shouldn't be happening
those guidelines are in place to take
the responsibility off the doctors who
would be in that situation and have to
decide do we provide life support to a
70 year old down syndrome patient or a
23 year old you know there's and they
try to put guidelines in place to defuse
that responsibility the the moral
implications of what would have to
happen if they run out our goal should
be to make sure we don't we don't run
out of the supplies needed that should
be the goal there's a whole lot of focus
on the the actual the guidelines those
guidelines are gonna exist they're going
to exist now whether or not that's right
and the call that the the decisions that
were made in those guidelines are the
right guidelines that's open for debate
but guidelines like that will be there I
think a better use of our time would be
making sure that hospitals have
everything they need so they don't come
into play with the recession depression
following this pandemic do you think of
a work project yeah we absolutely are
going to need a jobs program I would
suggest we start I think there might
have been one included in like this I
will say it was a color maybe the green
new New Deal something like that and use
the jobs program to switch over the
infrastructure something that we're
gonna have to do anyway so we don't have
another situation
this thank you Andres hi from Cuba sorry
for my English in advance what will
happen if two special forces soldiers
from the venezuelan army try to get that
Marco Rubio at they're probably going to
go to prison for a very long time right
now the guys down there look into 30
years that's what they are looking at
realistically for their charges
thank you Joe Diaz I know you've read
this but if you all have some time on
your hands a digital copy of the
complete works of Thomas Paine is on
Amazon for $2 Thank You Caitlin what
have you been reading while social
distancing I've been working I haven't
been reading anything I've been putting
out videos a lot of this has taken a lot
of time from what I normally do also
I've got a whole bunch of kids and
they're all here I have no time under
normal circumstance that's you Lenny
d'etre wants to be famous - yeah he's
what any in the RN talking about New
York City murders what okay I'm gonna
need an explainer on that one
Thank You midnight 111 no question I
just wanted to say thanks I started
doing in community garden 5 yes
splitting it with a neighbor because of
your stuff thank you thank you thank you
thank you for doing that corn went in
today awesome Thank You Kelly Hudson
let's see
thank you Tim Padilla new idea
non-corporate patent subsidy like 20
grand with a patent class in high school
so people can act on their ideas and
make money without a job how many is a
whole bunch of kids 1 2 3 4 in the house
as we speak Michelle smell smell I would
add empires of e the history of great
Wars on Eve of EVE Online to the reading
list as a non gamer I find the
fascinating phenomenon finessed the
phenomenon that fascinating oh my god
can you list all the currencies coming
in I can't I don't know let's see I
think I've seen I think I've seen
Canadian Dutch us and I think that's it
so far do you think the citizens in
Venezuelan can be named legit terrorists
okay mmm no but not not put reason that
people are gonna think so terrorism has
a very specific definition when you're
talking about it in the sense of
asymmetrical warfare which this was so
terrorism is the use of vile answer the
threat of violence to achieve a
political religious ideological or
monetary goal and the attacks have to be
designed to influence those beyond the
immediate area of attack so them going
into snatch Maduro is not terrorism if
they were going to go around and blow up
a bunch of stuff to get in the Douro
to surrender and give himself up and and
target like civilians and non military
targets in that process that would be
terrorism the terrorism is a tactic and
a strategy what they did was wrong it's
a bunch of it's against a whole bunch of
the laws of war but wasn't terrorism
specifically
Nevada nurse New York City Hospital
murders I don't
I actually I must not be familiar with
that incident in that case because it's
not ringing a bell at all
thank you Robert Lee after the failure
to help ordinary people from both
parties do you think it was do you think
it would be easier to put more
progressive policies in the Green Party
or forming a new party mmm
see part of the issue is that the Green
Party has a lot of progressive policies
and a lot of people are scared of down
be I don't know gonna be easier to cut
more participation I think it'd probably
be easier to start off with a new party
and go from scratch I really do because
you're gonna have an institutional
memory there that they're gonna have to
that you're gonna have to overcome okay
so there's a nurse in a Nevada nurse who
went to help New York and claims
patients were being murdered I don't
know anything about that I don't know
anything about that
do you think James Comey will get what
treason treason again that's a charge he
didn't help any foreign government a
wage an act of war so I don't think that
James Comey will be charged with treason
let's see what
reject the result of elections and it's
a grassroots to rebell I don't think so
I think he'll be embarrassed if he loses
I think he'll be embarrassed I don't
foresee that as an outcome to be honest
Thank You Carrie Fox almost middle of
May snowing West Virginian murder wasps
and a plague yeah it's uh it's been a
fun year does that mean all total war
should be considered terrorism
so terrorism is also the purview of the
non-state actor because they will not as
far as we know officially employed by
any government they were non-state
actors under general doctrine a country
cannot commit terrorism I know that
given the focus of the United States
when they're using to justify actions
and only saying various state sponsor
yeah that's that's fine but so is the
u.s. if you apply those same standards
that are used for those countries to the
United States the u.s. is the same thing
but generally under doctrine a terrorism
can only be committed by those who are
non-state I would
there's a schoolhouse rocks video and
it's called pirates and emperors I would
strongly suggest you watch it if you're
interested in that topic it really
delves into it I talked about it in a
recent video and actually used a lot of
the same examples but the the
schoolhouse rocks video is actually
really entertaining and funny so I would
definitely take a look at it the purple
Party of Canada thank you America needs
a purple party progressive utopian
reform projects of a liberated earth I
just got $5 to run a political ad
Thank You mallow Thank You Kerry Fox
it was an attempted coup but a coup
isn't terrorism you know we we use these
terms a lot and in political speech in
rhetoric
however they all have real meanings and
we've used them so much a word like
terrorism to somebody who that was their
actual field of study when I hear I get
used now it actually just annoys me
because it's nine times out of ten when
the term is used it's not terrorism it
isn't that's a very specific thing and
it gets widened and narrowed based on
who's in power and who they want to to
target and who they want to excuse and
that becomes very annoying because the
difference between a terrorist and an
insurgent isn't much the the difference
between you know an allied auxilary
fighter or an irregular soldier or
whatever and an insurgent isn't much
there's a whole playlist on asymmetrical
warfare that goes through the
definitions of this stuff and how it's
and in what they mean as far as
practically in the field when somebody
is engaged in insurgency what the
difference between that and terrorism is
but anyway see John and Didier I was
raised with zero dependency on weapons
and the like just dependent on the Lord
above for protection can you ever see
yourself somewhere sometime weapons
non-dependent I don't know God surprise
yeah I gave mine up a long time ago
so there is state directed terrorism
against its own people when you're
talking about police actors those at
times can fall into that but it's it's
very narrow normally if they fall into
it for like 30 seconds and then they've
moved into genocide or some form of
ethnic cleansing some other form of war
crime I just sent you a DM via Twitter
with all our ins video I'll take a look
is there no consequence to the Fed
injecting trillions of dollars into the
economy I mean I'm sure there is this is
I'm sure there is a terrorist is a
person who hasn't won with a win their
freedom one of the examples that I used
to give when I actually used to teach a
class on terrorism and one of what I
actually used to use in the class and I
would describe a group of people who
attached shipping attacked commercial
shipping disrupted the post office and
customs offices and stuff like that
actually pulled people out and publicly
humiliated them as part of a campaign to
get the people on their side as far as
they did this to opposition governments
they torched government officials homes
and all of this stuff and everybody
understands that this tear this is
terrorism this is the founding fathers
prior to prior to open conflict that
statement one man's terrorist is another
man's freedom fighter is very very true
the stuff the United States engaged in
the founding fathers of this country
what they did prior to the revolution in
the lead up is textbook terrorism it's
what I mean it's not necessarily an
insult
it's a tactic it's a strategy so let's
see I saw something I wanted to comment
on up here
oh yes it's a plan no it's not now it's
not go go watch some of the debunked
videos please well there's the signup
sheet for this classes Tampa ten years
ago 15 years ago Thank You Mandy is Bill
Gates being Shady
in regards to VAX I don't think so
you know the conspiracy theories they
come out about him they don't they
generally don't make any sense so I
don't I don't put a lot of stock in them
I don't thank you Artemus just for fun
25 or 6 to 4 I don't know what that
means
Zakaria
get your vaccines
all right if you have a question ask
your doc okay I'm so proud of American
males right now trach routers lock down
produce video ticked off mix Mitch
McConnell video and Bose alpha male
video are also awesome well thank you
and if you don't know Trey Crowder was
on this channel just a few days ago
maybe yesterday
all blurs together now Oh
gates has no business talking medicine I
don't know why he's funded research into
medicine and has talked about pandemics
predicting everything that just happened
for the last ten years because he's not
a doc that I'm not either but I get
asked about it a lot
I would say that what he is attempting
to do as far as vaccinating places that
would not get access to it is a good
thing and this is something that he
warned about it's one of those things
where this is somebody who went out of
their way spent their own money to
develop plans and and and even hosts
exercises to help train how to combat
this and then when it comes out and it
turns out he's right rather than the
government admitting that they ignored
people and ignored free training ignored
everything they turn around and blend
credence to some conspiracy theory that
they're to blame their gates isn't to
blame what's happening now is because
our government is ineffective it is
inefficient it didn't listen to people
who have been trying to stop this before
it ever started Thank You Kerry Fox
thank you John
didier and thank you Michael
Duncan Hagar I support Great Lakes
recovery in the men's
New Hope House Inn so do you have a
recovery program that you support as far
I don't I don't I don't have any that I
truly like that I checked out my backup
so you're the nurse that got on there
blubbering I'm saying all this stuff
about murdering patients and their
hospitals I'll tweet some links and then
there's also the dog interviews actually
very very good which is talking about
the treatment she's not somebody I would
believe okay so there you go the Nevada
nurse thing while we were sitting here I
guess my wife went outside and watched
it and there's okay so there's roboto
frenzy dog one of the docs that I've
talked about on this channel how is that
different than when I said Xena but he
did a video about it he did that entire
video with the New York doctor and sucks
out all of the ventilator therapy and
what we're learning in the happy
hypoxemic okay but his wife is rat jizz
Z dog is the man yes and he did for
those who don't know he put out another
video about that documentary and like I
said we'll be doing one soon here too I
know did you see that I didn't listen to
miss Bo I'm in trouble
did I answer that question I did I'm not
I don't I know everybody seems to think
that I I don't thank you Mike K I became
an American in November I'm happy with
what I paid for but federal government
isn't as good as advertised just how did
by exchange for one that works Code of
Canada just say yes dear you know she
was speaking through someone else let's
see all right
what is the root of the fear that seems
to drive the rationality of many on the
right change I mean it's really that
simple so grow beard so fast yeah I get
five o'clock shadow at noon do I believe
in aliens uh
I mean I definitely think there are
other things out there I think we'd be
it would be pretty arrogant of us to
believe we were the only things around
what does in walks weirdo mean somebody
who used to work with me was trying to
describe what I did as a contractor and
that was a line in it you know it was
just hilarious because it was the most
oversimplified and accurate thing I'd
ever seen in my life
oh so and it was it was more or less you
know there the problem exists between
these two people and then in walks
weirdo explaining that these people have
been at war for six hundred years it
started because of this the cycle of
violence continued because of this and
bla bla bla bla bla and here's your
solution and the general idea was that
many consultants and this is true they
are referred to as weirdos and it just
it kind of stuck and and I actually
really enjoy it
let's see are you optimistic for united
Ireland yeah I think I think brags are
this was going to accomplish what 800
years of conflict couldn't
let's see what do you think about the
Fast & Furious program gun-walking
what was being attempted there is a
tactic and a strategy that gets used it
gets used not just with cons but with
drugs and all kinds of other stuff it
can be successful that was extremely
mismanaged um almost to the level of
this thing in Venezuela not quite that
bad but pretty close the general idea
the theory behind what was going on is
an effective way to deal with certain
types of militant groups but that's not
really who they were targeting with it
so it didn't it didn't work as planned
when you do that and you're talking
about militant groups they get the guns
and they keep them because they need
them because they're gonna engage in
militant activity when you're talking
about a criminal enterprise they take
them and they sell them and then you
don't actually know who has them anymore
and it defeats the whole purpose it's a
good theory that was completely miss
applied and then mismanaged on top of
that so I don't uh I don't think it is
something that I don't think you should
be replayed I don't think there was any
criminal intent with it I think it was
incompetence but at the same time that's
probably something that should actually
be investigated because there's a whole
lot in that with stuff turning up
missing that never walked which seems
weird to me but let's see
thank you the purple Party of Canada how
do we decommodification trees there's a
whole bunch of ways to do it I'm gonna
guess that you're gonna say a
resource-based economy if you always
held your specific life and social
philosophies and grown with them or are
they something you had a journey to get
to I think it's both I was always very
anti-authoritarian and I always doubted
the legitimacy of might makes right
which is the basis of a lot of
government I think it was a journey to
refine that and I think I'm still on it
so thank you artemus my previous two
dollars were lesser spent I think I am
thank you yeah amen amen
I'm an RN thank you for your messages
and thoughts thanks to your family
supporting you as your wisdom supports
us
okay our ethnic minorities more affected
by kovat or is it zoning and
overcrowding and poor housing that's to
blame if the tables were reversed would
it be White's I think there's also a lot
of systemic issues to deal with
healthcare and accessibility if you have
a population that is disproportionately
on the lower end of the socio-economic
class they don't have access to
healthcare which means they have a lot
of conditions that are diagnosed one of
the big things with this is that its
pre-existing conditions combined with
this that a proven fatal so I think that
there's probably an overlap there I
think it's less about it's less about
the stuff that we see when we think of
of the poverty gap and more about the
the fact that the healthcare that a lot
of white people have isn't as widely
available in in that community so they
don't have they don't know that that
they have an existing condition you know
everybody saying well if you're
vulnerable you need to be more careful
what if you don't know you're vulnerable
I think that has a lot to do with it
but again that's gasps I haven't seen it
you need data on that I stay at it I'm
handling mine over here disabled veteran
USMC and you know what you have a
platform and I did not yet keep it up
speak knowledge demos thank you just a
gas station clerk and an accountant just
here to listen to wanted to contribute
signal law thank you just I don't like
just a gas station clerk I'm like that
don't say like that
[Music]
okay environmental issues affect poor
people more - yeah okay
also more smoking is that true I don't I
don't know that they smoke more all
right okay so we are winding down no
we've been doing this this is the second
version of this and we're almost at an
hour so a grande gas station attendant
yes I like that a whole lot better so
we're gonna do it last call for
questions and then we get out of here
North Korea and freefall I don't think
so
a question from another how do you begin
to navigate how do I begin to navigate
why I get it during that enough yes
turns out
are there any tactics in the movement
you find helpful in most cases yeah not
using that word never using that word
there there's actually been a lot of
conversation about that way because it
is so loaded and because people
associated with with things that have
nothing to do with the philosophy that's
one of those things most people when I
start talking about there's people on
this channel most of them agree with
most of it and it's all that philosophy
but if you use that word to describe it
to the average person they're not going
to have a positive reaction to it
because they've always heard that in a
very negative light
so I would avoid using that word and
talk about it in practical terms and
then you can get into the theory later
thank you to Moe's let's see Thank You
wick trow I'm getting really nervous
that one of these processors is just one
missile causing a ton more damage than
they attempt yeah yeah that's a very
very realistic thing they can Mak B what
about enlistment and Cova denial yeah
I've heard that and I've heard it's not
waivable and that it's permanent and
yeah there are questions about whether
DoD knows something about how long it
affects your lungs or they're just being
pretty pre-emptive and trying to take
more cautions lynnie do you have a
Twitter let's see Thank You Nico what
are your thoughts on Hawaii be illegally
occupied any legally occupied country
since 1893
that's a historically accurate statement
now what happens today with that
information there's there's if the
United States was to get back all of the
land that it took with will in less than
legal means you wiII be east of the
Appalachians and that's pretty much it
if we don't have a whole lot that was
obtained lawfully under international
laws of today I don't know what the
answer is
let's talk about performative openness
versus real leverage for change
yeah you know here's the thing I I don't
mind it I don't mind people that
actually go out and do the performative
stuff
I really don't there are a lot of people
who have large social-media followings
that engage in that and it is very
different than on the ground activities
however it does help change thought it
does help if it becomes a trend to to
embrace a more progressive view it's
moving that window a little bit
so as annoying as it may be sometimes I
don't diversity of tactics I don't think
it's a whole wholly a bad thing Thank
You woody Woodman have a blessed one
everyone stay safe and be kind thank you
bursa Lac are you a wobbly I'm actually
not but I was part of the I was part of
the management team that I don't want to
say encouraged did not discourage the
unionization of some independent
journalists under fog watch through them
so I am NOT but I have strong sympathies
Thank You Kimberly bridges thank you bad
pirate monkey be gentle with yourselves
be gentle with each other and how they
left us tech support
how do we break and down the wall to the
mainstream right now we're doing it all
right okay so I think that's it and I
think I'm gonna call it a night so y'all
have a good night
it's just a thought and all of that
stuff if you didn't catch this it will
be up on YouTube but relatively soon so
and if I missed anybody I'm sorry send
me a DM or something and I will try to
find it y'all have a good night
oh yes and punks I doing my job for me
yeah and don't forget to click subscribe
and buttons and bells and patreon and
tea spray bringing all that stuff
alright y'all have a good night